# Almala-College-App
The Almala College App revolutionizes education administration, embracing the power of Node.js, MongoDB, and AWS EC2. Anchored by an intuitive Android app, it effortlessly records attendance for over 2,000 students, 350 teachers, and 75 staff. A ticketing system ensures smooth approval workflows with transparency, reinforcing the vision of a digitally transformed educational landscape. From empowering parents with real-time student updates and fee payments to optimizing transportation logistics, this app stands as a beacon of efficiency and modernity. The principal's oversight, activity logs, and planned escalation matrix underscore its commitment to a systematic, transparent educational experience, setting a new standard in college administration.

This innovative Almala College App embodies a digital evolution, providing a seamless interface for principal, teachers, students, and parents. Through the app, parents gain unprecedented insight into their child's education journey—accessing messages from teachers, monitoring attendance, and facilitating fee payments via integrated UPI or card transactions. Transportation management is streamlined as well, allowing managers to efficiently allocate resources by adding vehicles and mapping drivers and students. With each student uniquely identified by an enrollment number, data management is structured and efficient. As we gear towards implementing an escalation matrix, this app is poised to redefine the education landscape, paving the way for a transparent and digitally empowered educational community.

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.powercoils.powerexpert">Download The App</a>
